Aneis:

Nome: Tiny Being's Ring:        
    descricao: Ring made of an ancient tiny red jewel. Grants small increase to HP. Rings grant powers large and small.
Their discovery, and effective use, can make one's journey easier

    effect: Maximum HP: +5%
    raridade_id:

Nome: Cloranthy Ring
    descricao: This ancient ring, engraved with a large green flower, is of unknown origin.
Hastens the regeneration of stamina.
    effect: Stamina regeneration: +20%

Nome: Havel's Ring
    descricao: This ring was named after Havel the Rock, Lord Gwyn's old battlefield compatriot.
Havel's men wore the ring to express faith in their leader and to carry a heavier load.
    effect: Maximum equip load: +50%

Nome: Ring of Steel Protection
    descricao: This ring belonged to the Knight King Rendal. It grants its wearer protection by boosting
defense against physical attacks. Of the many legends surrounding the Knight King Rendal,
one of the more well-known speaks of his standing down a giant drake and slashing it to pieces.
    effect: Physical defense: +50 points

Nome: Spell Stoneplate Ring
    descricao: Stoneplates, the symbol of a true knight, grant the strength to face various hardships.
The blue stoneplate symbolizes souls, and boosts defense against magic.
    effect: Magic defense: +50 points

Nome: Flame Stoneplate Ring
    descricao: Stoneplates, the symbol of a true knight, grant the strength to face various hardships.
The red stoneplate symbolizes fire, and boosts defence against flame.
    effect: Fire defense: +50 points

Nome: Thunder Stoneplate Ring
    descricao: Stoneplates, the symbol of a true knight, grant the strength to face various hardships.
The yellow stoneplate symbolizes thunder, and boosts defence against lightning.
    effect: Lightning defense: +50 points

Nome: Speckled Stoneplate Ring
    descricao: Stoneplates, the symbol of a true knight, grant the strength to face various hardships. The precious rare speckled stoneplate grants a small boost to defense against magic, flame, and lightning.
    effect: Magic defense: +25 points
Fire defense: +25 points
Lightning defense: +25 points

Nome: Bloodbite Ring
    descricao: One of the infamous bite rings commissioned by Sir Arstor of Carim. Despite the dreadful rumors
surrounding its creation, this ring is an unmistakable asset, in its ability to help prevent bleeding.
    effect: Bleed resistance: +400%

Nome: Poisonbite Ring
    descricao: One of the infamous bite rings commissioned by Sir Arstor of Carim. Despite the dreadful rumors
surrounding its creation, this ring is an unmistakable asset, in its ability to help prevent poison.
    effect: Poison resistance: +400%

Nome: Cursebite Ring
    descricao: One of the infamous bite rings commissioned by Sir Arstor of Carim. Despite the dreadful rumors
surrounding its creation, this ring is an unmistakable asset, in its ability to help prevent curses.
    effect: Curse resistance: +400%

Nome: Red Tearstone Ring
    descricao: The rare gem called tearstone has the uncanny ability to sense imminent death.
This red tearstone from Carim boosts the attack of its wearer when in danger.
    effect: Attack: +50% when health is below 20%

Nome: Blue Tearstone Ring
    descricao: The rare gem called tearstone has the uncanny ability to sense imminent death.
This blue tearstone from Catarina boosts the defence of its wearer when in danger.
    effect: Defense: +50% when health is below 20%

Nome: Ring of Sacrifice
    descricao: This mystical ring was created in a sacrificial rite of Velka, the Goddess of Sin. Its wearer will lose nothing upon death, but the ring itself breaks.
    effect: Lose nothing upon death
Ring breaks when used

Nome: Rare Ring of Sacrifice
    descricao: This mystical ring was created in a sacrificial rite of Velka, the Goddess of Sin.
The magenta-shaded ring is especially rare. Its wearer will lose nothing upon death,
and will be freed from any curse whatsoever, but the ring itself breaks.
    effect: Lose nothing upon death
Death caused by curse will not take effect
Ring breaks when used

Nome: Bellowing Dragoncrest Ring
    descricao: A special ring granted to only the most accomplished sorcerers at Vinheim Dragon School.
The ring is engraved with an everlasting dragon, and boosts the strength of sorceries.
    effect: Magic damage: +20-26% depending on spell

Nome: Lingering Dragoncrest Ring
    descricao: A special ring granted to only the most accomplished sorcerers at Vinheim Dragon School.
The ring is engraved with a lingering dragon, and boosts the length of the effects of sorceries.
    effect: Magic effect length: +50%

Nome: Slumbering Dragoncrest Ring
    descricao: This ring was secretly worn by a surreptitious sorcerer at Vinheim Dragon School.
The ring is engraved with an everlasting dragon in silent slumber, and masks all sound emitting from its wearer.
    effect: Wearer makes no sound

Nome: Dusk Crown Ring
    descricao: This magic crown-shaped ring was granted to princess Dusk of Oolacile upon her birth.
The ringstone allows its wearer to cast additional sorceries, but at the cost of one-half of HP.
    effect:Amount of sorcery castings: +50%
Maximum HP: -50%

Nome: White Seance Ring
    descricao: A divine ring entrusted to the head bishop of the Way of White and apostle to Allfather Lloyd, uncle to Lord Gwyn.
It grants additional attunement slots.
The head bishop of the Way of White is the guardian of law and caste, and one of the great royals of Thorolund.
    effect: Attunement slots: +1 slot

Nome: Darkmoon Seance Ring
    descricao: This ring is granted to adherents of Gwyndolin, Darkmoon deity and last born of Gwyn, Lord of Sunlight.
Grants additional magic attunement slots. The Dark Sun Gwyndolin is the only remaining deity in Anor
Londo. His followers are few, but their tasks are of vital importance.
    effect: Attunement slots: +1 slot
Grants player entrance to Darkmoon Blades covenant at Anor Londo.

Nome: Ring of the Sun's Firstborn
    descricao: Lord Gwyn's firstborn, who inherited the sunlight, once wore this ancient ring.
Lord Gwyn's firstborn was a god of war, but his foolishness led to a loss of the annals, and rescinding of his deific status.
Today, even his name is not known.
    effect: Miracle power: +20%

Nome: Darkmoon Blade Covenant Ring
    descricao: Ring granted to those bound by the Darkmoon Blade covenant. Answer Dark Sun Gwyndolin's summoning.
Gwyndolin, all too aware of his repulsive, frail appearance, created the illusion of a sister Gwynevere, who
helps him guard over Anor Londo. An unmasking of these deities would be tantamount to blasphemy.
    effect: Allows Gwyndolin to summon one player to invade another player's Dark Anor Londo.

Nome: Ring of the Sun Princess
    descricao: This ring is granted to those who enter a Covenant with Gwynevere, daughter of Lord Gwyn and the Princess of Sunlight. This slightly warm ring boosts the synergy of miracles.
The Princess of Sunlight left Anor Londo along with many other deities, and later became wife to Flame God Flann.
    effect: Boosts miracle synergy

Nome: Leo Ring
    descricao: One of the special rings granted to the four knights of Gwyn. The Leo Ring belonged
to Ornstein the Dragonslayer. This ring strengthens counters with pierce weapons.
His lugged spear is said to have sliced a boulder in two.
    effect: Counter damage: +40%

Nome: Wolf Ring
    descricao: One of the special rings granted to the four knights of Gwyn. The Wolf Ring belongs to Artorias the Abysswalker. Artorias had an unbendable will of steel, and was unmatched with a greatsword.
    effect: Increases Poise by 40.

Nome: Hawk Ring
    descricao: One of the special rings granted to the four knights of Gwyn. The Hawk Ring belonged to Hawkeye Gough, who led the Greatarchers. Boosts bow range, so that arrows fly like they were shot by Gough's great bow, which took down high-flying dragons.
    effect: Bow range: +50%
Enhanced zooming: bows and binoculars

Nome: Hornet Ring
    descricao: One of the special rings granted to the four knights of Gwyn. The Hornet Ring
Belonged to the Lord's Blade Ciaran. By boosting critical attacks, its wearer can
annihilate foes, as Ciaran's dagger laid waste to Lord Gwyn's enemies.
    effect: Critical attack (backstab, riposte): +30%

Nome: East Wood Grain Ring
    descricao: This special ring crafted in an Eastern land is made of gold, but with a wood grain crest on its surface. The ring slows the loss of weapon durability and is particularly useful to bearers of delicate swords crafted in the East.
    effect: Lessens the amount of durability loss.
Note: Does not lessen durability loss when using a weapon's special ability (i.e. dragon weapons' two-handed strong attack).

Nome: Dark Wood Grain Ring
    descricao: This special ring crafted in an Eastern land is made of gold, but with a wood grain crest
on its surface. Agents of subterfuge in this faraway land are particularly fond of the
dark gold wood grain, which greatly alters its wearer's rolling action.
    effect: Changes rolling action to a faster and wider one (ninja flip).
Only works when equip load is under 25% as of Patch 1.06

Nome: Rusted Iron Ring
    descricao: 
This iron ring was used to shackle the guilty. It is terribly rusted, and faintly stained with blood.
Those who find this strange ring to their liking will be pleased to find it easier to gain footing on poor ground such as swamps.
    effect: Rusted Iron Ring	Removes the movement speed penalty in water, poison swamp, tar, etc

Nome: Covetous Gold Serpent Ring
    descricao: The serpent is an imperfect dragon and symbol of the Undead. Its habit of devouring prey
even larger than itself has led to an association of gluttony. This gold ring, engraved with
the serpent, boosts its wearer's item discovery, so that more items can be amassed.
    effect: Item discovery: +200 points

Nome: Covetous Silver Serpent Ring
    descricao: The serpent is an imperfect dragon and symbol of the Undead. Its habit of devouring prey
even larger than itself has led to an association of gluttony. This silver ring, engraved with
the serpent, rewards its wearer with additional souls for each kill.
    effect: Souls absorbed for each kill: +20%

Nome: Covenant of Artorias
    descricao: This ring symbolizes Knight Artorias's covenant with the beasts of the Abyss.
Its wearer, like Artorias himself can traverse the Abyss.
    effect: Allows entering to The Abyss

Nome: Orange Charred Ring
    descricao: Since his sores were inflamed by lava from birth, his witch sisters gave him this special ring.
But fool that he is, he readily dropped it, and from that spot, a terrible centipede demon was born.
    effect: Reduces lava damage
Adds fire element to kick motion

Nome: Old Witch's Ring
    descricao: Old ring from an old witch. Engraved minutely with indecipherable script, but seemingly useless.
    effect: Allows talking to Quelaag's Sister
Note: Without the ring choosing to talk to her only prompts a "...?" response.

Nome: Cat Covenant Ring
    descricao: Ring granted to those bound by the Forest Hunter covenant. Answer Alvina's summoning.
The white cat Alvina speaks a human tongue and has lived since the early Age of Fire.
Alvina was a trusted friend of Knight Artorias and the Great Wolf Sif.
    effect:Allows Alvina to summon player to protect Darkroot Garden from other players
Note: Requires to be a member of the Forest Hunter Covenant to be summoned.

Nome: Ring of Fog
    descricao: Those who befriend Alvina are given this mysterious ring. It resembles a pearl with its robust pure-white fog.
The ring camouflages its wearer's presence, helping to prevent detection.
    effect: Turns the player transparent making them un-targetable (but not un-hittable).
Note: As of Patch 1.04, users of this ring are targetable.

Nome: Ring of Favor and Protection
    descricao: A ring symbolizing the favor and protection of the goddess Fina, known in legend to possess "fateful beauty."
This ring boosts its wearer's HP, stamina, and max equipment load, but breaks if ever removed.
    effect: Maximum HP: +20%
Stamina: +20%
Maximum equip load: +20%.
Breaks when removed

Nome: Ring of the Evil Eye
    descricao: According to legend, this ring contains the spirit of the evil eye, a dark beast which assaulted Astora.
The strength of the evil eye does not waver, and HP is absorbed from fallen enemies.
    effect: Absorbs 30 HP from every fallen enemy.

Nome: Calamity Ring
    descricao: A ring enchanted by the orange eye of Kalameet, the bringer of calamity. Doubles damage received by its wearer.
A useless ring befitting of no finger. Best left unknown, or at least well hidden.
    effect: The player receives twice the amount of damage they normally would